OK. Yeah, I don't think at this point it's at a point where you could have it have like a Tuesday option and then a Wednesday option, but that I think is one of the easier things to add in. Yeah, so also there used to be five things you have to click, but here I made it just one. So you just hit the blue optimize. And then it's going to kind of go through like four steps. It's going to like confirm that it still has all the routes. It's going to seed any city pairs that it has somehow doesn't have. And then it's going to create like kind of an overall best idea of where people are. And then it's going to optimize. And so it kind of has to go through like each of those phases. If you tried to kind of do it all at the same time, then it kind of gave overall bad results. And I think at this point it gives, I would say, a 93 percent answer. So like you'll certainly have to still go through on like of the 33 tails, you'll probably have to like manually make changes on four or five of them. But it's very, very quick overall. And I'd say probably of like the four or five that you have to manually adjust. It's because it's like a very kind of like edge case. There was one tail I was looking at that basically like it was like an 8 a.m. takeoff and a 930 a.m. landing. And that's all it had for the day. And so then you kind of had. But the second airport it got to was like very remote. And so it's like you can't get the crew that's going to on come there in time at 8 a.m. if they're not local. And then it goes to a point where it's like very, very hard to swap to. And so it's got this time it's got 12 unsolved. I kind of think that that's because of the John Hussey thing. But we'll go and just step by step and look. So you just scroll down. Don't worry about like all the red. It makes it look worse than it actually is. I was like halfway through the crew day. Oh, the crew day looks to have stuck. So that looks good. Or at least on a few of them, I was like the last thing I did. So the crew day is to the right of the name. So it shows kind of with an hour before their commercial flight and then whatever legs they have to fly, what their total crew day would be. So the OPF example here we can look at. So that this these two guys, one gets there at 1800, one gets there at 1530. So that looks good. And then the other guys. So I think the word Lewis one I looked at, you wanted everything to be in local time to the aircraft. So like word Lewis does actually get home before midnight his time. I looked at this one. And so like this is actually, you know, it's not a great option since he only has one way, like one flight to get home. But obviously, Bozeman is a lot harder to get a crew swap done than OPF. And like it does work. The only issue I'm seeing right now, actually, is that it has Justin leaving too early. So I don't know why that didn't flag that should have flagged. But in this case, you'd just be able to hit change and just pick a later flight real quick. So if you just hit change to to the right. I'm not sure why it didn't flag. Yeah. Yeah. You just hit. So they landed 1930 you have to search Wednesday. And so they need he needs a flight, you know, after probably like 9 p.m. or so. There's an eight o'clock one. So like this is maybe one of those edge examples. Where like neither spot is ideal because Bozeman is hard to get to. And then it lands in OPF at like 8 p.m. And so like it's just one of the more harder swaps to make happen. So to bring people on, there's probably a few options. So they're they're doing OK, well, if that is in existence is an acceptable thing that I'll have to change my my algorithm because it's not going to think any option outside of 50 miles is an option. I have to imagine that's like a pretty far drive. Wait, I thought what's BZN? Is that not Bozeman? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. So that we can. They get there pretty early. OK, so then why don't you. I also yeah, I'm not sure we can look and change it to Bozeman and see what the options are it offers there. So in the top left, you'll just click the OPF and then swap it over to Bozeman and then this part, it's not sinking right now. So you have to go through each one. But at some point it was two or three changes ago. It was swapping everything. That's where I was like trying to like get everything working before I showed you. But if you just go to change, it'll just show you all the flight options and you can click them real quick. So the guys who come on need to get there before. But again, this is probably only going to show Colorado. Well, this is from Phoenix now. So that's the only issue with how this is working right now is like once it puts names in there, the names are like kind of in there. And so I'll need to think of a way to keep the crew that's going to come on kind of more like such that it can move between the tails, because right now, once like someone gets assigned, they're like kind of stay assigned, if that makes sense. I'm not sure. I haven't seen that happen before. And then see for the SIC, it does it for. The. Oh, you had the top one. I don't know. The top one has its lock on, so you shouldn't be able to change it at all. So that's two things I need to fix. It's OK, you can just hit unlock them and hit optimize again and it'll just fill them back in. Yep. OK, I'll look into those two cases. Yeah, if it's unlocked, it will if it's locked, it won't. So maybe that's all the lock is to doing right now is it's protecting it against it being the optimizer. So it has to go through all of its four steps, because each time, obviously, like if someone is working this over a half hour, the jet insight trips may have changed the you know, any number of factors may have changed. And so if a single trip changes on jet insight, then it needs to get city pair routing between that airport and that airport. Then it needs to get city pair routing between that airport and everyone who's going to come on. And so, you know, it's having to get, you know, somewhere between 30 to 60 city pair flights. So it's competing the routes now. And that part is going to always take a second. And now it's optimizing the the blue thing that you clicked before, it'll show you that the status as it goes. So now it's done. I was gonna say, the only issue I see with OPF is Justin West know, because he leaves too early. And we didn't see in. Okay, let's go to a few other examples. And just so I can see some more issues, if we can just go through. Mm hmm. So they want to do the swap at PBI. Like they need to be at BTZ on Tuesday. Mm hmm. Because if they had a single issue, the crew that's currently on the aircraft can't fly it all the way through. Just thinking real quick. That that's, isn't that less than 14 hours? No, no, you have 30 minutes post to start your crew rest, but you're like, you're, you're duty, like you're done flying at that point, so you're fine. Uh, so you're saying you land the aircraft and you're less than 14 hours, then you are have to be at the hotel within 14 hours. That's only for the start of crew day. It's if you're not going to fly again, you just need to land the aircraft. And then you're done. So you're saying you land the aircraft and you're less than 14 hours, then you are have to be at the hotel within 14 hours. You just need to land before the end of 14 hours. Will you show me the far end that says that? No, no, no. What I am explaining is that so yes, there is crew duty that applies to when you are ineligible to fly an aircraft and so you cannot fly an aircraft while your duty day goes past 14 hours planned, right? But the half hour that we do after you're done flying is to the start of your crew rest and so you can you can land at you know 14 hours and then work for five more hours after that and like it's fine because you're not flying an aircraft past the 14 hours. You're just not allowed to fly an aircraft past 14 hours. I mean that's fine if that's how we want to operate but we're making our own constraints then. That is not in any regulation part 135 or GOM that I'm aware of. So I mean that's fine if that's how we want to do things. I'll just have to add in the logic for it but that is to me this trip is something obviously like there could be well no it's planned and it's fine legal in my eyes. I'm confused why we would want to pay three grand to have a crew there the day before to me. Okay all right that makes sense. I'm surprised by that but I will follow up. We can move on to the next one though. That's I mean obviously this is not to talk in a circle on this one. So Hmm, what's that? I just swapped it just now. So maybe I swapped it back to how it was. I checked names and everything Are you you're seeing? There uh, will you go back to the the review page? Uh setup review and then it has the crews that are going to on come which I believe this week is the a group per your sheet and then are these names look correct? Okay, and so then what it's using for the actual logic isn't matching that is what you're saying because that's what I used to verify. Okay, let let let me have like like three hours to fix all these issues and then I'll let me try to have something that's more clean that we can kind of walk through. No, no, no, no, you're good. It's you know, I just like just I think here's where I'm at with uh with all of us like the the logic of being able to find like crews is like something that I think I think is like like their ish obviously like the uh the the bugs are you know things we all have to work out. I think the the system of using like a google sheet to then like have to export what is on there to then come into this system and then compare what's on jet insight is where I'll have to like kind of think through because I think we're going to consistently have issues with trying to pull information off of a um you know sheet from like multiple pages so let me think I I think probably likely what makes the most sense is just to 100% only use your cruise schedule sheet the uh what is it called the master weekly yeah that crew one because I think is is what's that so the data sheet though how does it get made is it made by you and then uh one of your guys goes in and makes changes mm-hmm okay then I'll uh I'll focus on that and see if we kind of exclude everything else uh I think maybe what we would try to think of the best way to do the paired cruise because like kind of what you're saying of have Hussie go on early on Tuesday be with somebody and then on Wednesday be with someone else I'm just trying to think of the best way to like in a flow set that up and then hit go but so no no no I I think it's uh the issue with with the sheet is like everything every style everything has to be the exact same you know from time to time and if if there's anything off then it's going to kind of throw weird results and so that's kind of where I have to think about how do we kind of like ensure the first look at the sheet is like as like a pure good look and that there aren't any issues and then be able to like to to your point just to be able to real quick make the changes from that look and then hit optimize and so let me think through that so um um okay yeah let me have a few hours to think through all this and we'll try and get one more look uh either this evening or first thing uh to tomorrow if that works yeah i mean for sure i mean it just costs you know like the 30 bucks to get all the flights but i think at this point there's been uh substantially more you know man hours put into all of this then then that would mean anything so i think it's fine sweet sweet sounds good we'll uh talk to you in the next few hours bye you